More Documentation [API-632,API-633,API-638,API-639,API-640,API-641,API-644,API-469,API-654] (#485)
hazelcast/hazelcast-csharp-client: doc/dev/doc/network.md

In the unisocket client mode, the client will only connect to one of the configured addresses. This single member will behave as a gateway to the other members. For any operation requested from the client, it will redirect the request to the relevant member and return the response back to the client returned from this member.

## Reconnect Mode

The client can, at times, become disconnected from the cluster, for instance in case of a brief network issue. By default, the client will then switch to an error state, and will become unusable. It is possible to request that the client automatically reconnects to the cluster, through the `hazelcast.networking.reconnectMode` configuration option.

## Connection Timeout

The connection timeout is controlled by the `hazelcast.networking.connectionTimeoutMilliseconds` configuration option. It is the timeout value in milliseconds for a member to accept the client connection requests. More precisely, it is the client socket connection timeout for connecting to a member.

> If the member does not respond within the timeout, the client will retry to connect as many as `ClientNetworkConfig.GetConnectionAttemptPeriod()` times. FIXME?

Reviewer: Should `FIXME?` be here?

Author: no

This timeout is also used to control other socket connections such as Cloud Discovery.

The default value is `5000` milliseconds.

## Connection Attempt Limit and Period

> [!NOTE]
> This do not apply to version 4 and above of the client. It is kept here for reference only until we document how to achieve the same result in version 4 and above.

> If a member does not accept a connection within the specified timeout, the client will retries a specified amount of times waiting for some amount of time  between each tries. Ddefault value for attempts is `2`, and for delay is 3000ms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a member does not accept a connection within the specified timeout, the client will retry a specified amount of times waiting for some amount of time  between each tries. Default value for attempts is `2`, and for delay is `3000`ms.
```

Author: ok
